{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Changes in v.0.89\
 - Updated codebase for XCode 3.2 and Snow Leopard. This revealed a bad bug in the readspectrum routine that I'm amazed wasn't caught years ago (character arrray sizes were dimensioned in a way that did not account for the final null character in strings).\
 - This was was done to begin support for LRIS data. Since I'll be working on the LRIS branch mainly I'm going to tag this version "Gemini Release 1".\
\
Changes in v.0.88\
  - After a four-year hiatus, iGDDS is being dusted off once again.\
  - Numerous small hacks were needed to get iGDDS to work using Mac OS X 10.5. A few of these make use of new methods in recent versions of Mac OS X for accessing pixels in image representations directly (e.g. getPixel:atX:Y). This means I was able to remove a fair bit of ugly and fragile code for this from iGDDS. (For example, see the simplified version of the createRepresentationWithMin:andMax: method in the Image class).\
  - Fixed a bug where the extractionWindowController was not refreshing stored plots correctly.\
  - Fixed minor bug in extraction weights file FITS file output (purely cosmetic... no impact on any extractions).\
\
Changes in v.0.87\
  - the scrolling FITSImageView now also shows the NodAndShuffle aperture. The aperture can only be edited in the top FITSImageView though. (Requested by KGB for use with the GLARE data). \
  - the NodAndShuffleAperture object now has a property that indicates whether or not control points should be drawn.\
  - the NodAndShuffleAperture now can now send messages to a delegate.\
\
Changes in v.0.86\
  - Fixed bug in outputting multi-extension FITS files for spectra without "fresh" extractions. \
\
Changes in v.0.85\
  - Fixed bug in external spectrum flux calibration normalization (it wasn't picking up the division by the local pixel scale because a different method was used to flux calibrate the external spectrum.\
  - Added a new method to the Wave object (localGridInPlace) to make the calculation needed above easy.\
\
Changes in v.0.84\
  - Fixed yet another stupid drawing bug in the sky spectrum drawing method.\
\
Changes in v.0.83\
  - Fixed bug in NSExtractionWindowController that caused a crash when using an external spectrum.\
\
Changes in v.0.82\
  - First from-the-ground-up XCode-based release. \
  - Numerous changes to #import statements to get things to work with XCode (added many @class statements). XCode is less forgiving of circular imports it seems\'85\
  - Changed AccessorMacros.h so it gets used with #include with import guards instead of #import. This seemed to make XCode a lot happier.\
\
Changes in v.0.81\
  - Fixed wavelength calibration bug. The fluxed specta needed to be divided by the local pixel scale in Angstroms on a point-by-point basis. This is roughly a factor of 3.5 for GDDS data.\
\
Changes in v.0.80\
  - Added an NSController to the MyDocument.nib file\
  - Used NSController to add a slew of new GUI elements needed to make iGDDS generally applicable to all GMOS data. These default to GDDS settings. \
 \
Changes in v.0.79\
 - Fixed a bug where wavelength calibration of a pristine slit prevented other slits from being opened.\
 - Fixed bug preventing the NSColorWell from opening when clicked upon to change a template colour.\
\
Changes in v.0.78\
 - Exporting an external spectrum will co-add if the slit's coAddCompanionSpectrum property is set to YES.\
\
Changes in v.0.77\
- Improved colors\
- Added basic attribute support for eventually supporting self-plotting slits.\
\
Changes in v.0.76\
- Added slit-width information to output text file for Sandra.\
- Fixed a bug preventing the state of the "use external spectrum button" from being read in from a saved file. \
- Fixed a bug where smoothing displaced a wave unless p0 was set to 0. Thanks to David for noticing the effects of this!\
\
Changes in v.0.75\
- Fixed drawing issue in cityscape mode where the origin of the pixel was at the top-left corner of the histogram bin instead of at the middle.\
- Fixed a wavelength controller issue resulting in unity-offset from imported FITS files.\
\
Changes in v.0.74\
- Fixed FITS wave import bug reported by David (all spectra were offset by one pixel).\
\
Changes in v.0.73\
- New template selection mechanism in the redshft tab. The current system is now much more general and extensible: templates are selected from a table so the number of templates can grow infinitely. To add a new template simply modify the templates.xml resources file and drop the file into the SpectralTemplates folder.\
- Many new templates added. Well done Karl and Pat!\
- Fixed a bug preventing some slits from opening.\
\
Changes in v 0.72:\
- User can specify a common wavelength at which all template spectra are normalized.\
- External spectra can now be one-dimensional FITS files or iGDDS text-format spectra.\
- Fixed bug where optimal extraction wasn't being used in the redshift tab.\
- Added support for co-adding an external spectrum.\
- Added support for use of external spectrum exposure time information.}